Tell people self-hosted is broken atm (#10747)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/index.mdx

import Disclaimer from './\_snippets/disclaimer.mdx'
import Sunset from '../self-host/\_snippets/sunset-disclaimer.mdx'

> > 🛠️ **Self-hosted deployments are not reliably working at the moment.** We're aware of the problem and actively working on a fix, but while we do that we strongly recommend using PostHog Cloud's free tier if possible. If you're experiencing issues with installing the self-hosted then we recommend subscribing to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/29043) for updates.

Author: ```suggestion
> 🛠️ **Self-hosted deployments are not reliably working at the moment.** We're aware of the problem and actively working on a fix, but while we do that we strongly recommend using PostHog Cloud's free tier if possible. If you're experiencing issues deploying a self-hosted PostHog image then we recommend subscribing to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/29043) for updates.
```

> > 🛠️ **Self-hosted deployments are not reliably working at the moment.** We're aware of the problem and actively working on a fix, but while we do that we strongly recommend using PostHog Cloud's free tier instead if you can. If you're experiencing issues deploying a self-hosted PostHog image then we recommend subscribing to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/29043) for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 🛠️ **Self-hosted deployments are not reliably working at the moment.** We're aware of the problem and actively working on a fix. If you're experiencing issues deploying a self-hosted PostHog image then we recommend subscribing to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/29043) for updates.
```

Reviewer: People won't like being told to use cloud

Author: They don't like that SH is broken either. Telling them to use the alternative is better than telling them to wait IMHO.
